Update 106-set-interval.md (#1861)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/107-nodejs/content/104-nodejs-async-programming/106-set-interval.md

> # Set interval
> 
> The **setInterval()** method helps us to repeatedly execute a function after a fixed delay. It returns a unique interval ID which can later be used by the clearInterval() method which stops further repeated execution of the function. 
> 
> **setInterval()** is a function similar to setTimeout, with a difference: instead of running the callback function once, it will run it forever, at the specific time interval you specify (in milliseconds):
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/what-is-setinterval-in-javascript/'>What is the use of setInterval() method in Node.js?</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.educative.io/answers/what-is-setinterval-in-nodejs'>What is setInterval() in Node.js?</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# setInterval

The `setInterval()` method helps us to repeatedly execute a function after a fixed delay. It returns a unique interval ID which can later be used by the `clearInterval()` method, which stops further repeated execution of the function. 

`setInterval()` is similar to setTimeout, with a difference. Instead of running the callback function once, it will run it forever, at the specific time interval you specify (in milliseconds):

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://javascript.info/settimeout-setinterval'>Scheduling: setTimeout and setInterval</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/what-is-setinterval-in-javascript/'>What is the use of setInterval() method in Node.js?</BadgeLink>
```
